arise shine for your light has come and
arise shine for your light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you
the glory of the Lord is risen upon you
the glory of the Lord is risen upon you for behold the darkness shall cover the
for behold the darkness shall cover the
for behold the darkness shall cover the earth and deep darkness the people but
earth and deep darkness the people but
earth and deep darkness the people but the Lord will arise over you and his
the Lord will arise over you and his
the Lord will arise over you and his glory will be seen upon you the Gentiles
glory will be seen upon you the Gentiles
glory will be seen upon you the Gentiles shall come to your light and Kings to
shall come to your light and Kings to
shall come to your light and Kings to the brightness of your rising lift up
the brightness of your rising lift up
the brightness of your rising lift up your eyes all around and see they all
your eyes all around and see they all
your eyes all around and see they all gather together they come to you your
gather together they come to you your
gather together they come to you your sons shall come from afar and your
sons shall come from afar and your
sons shall come from afar and your daughters shall be nursed at your side
daughters shall be nursed at your side
daughters shall be nursed at your side then you shall see and become radiant
then you shall see and become radiant
then you shall see and become radiant and your heart shall swell with joy
and your heart shall swell with joy
and your heart shall swell with joy because the abundance of the sea shall
because the abundance of the sea shall
because the abundance of the sea shall be turned to you the wealth of the
be turned to you the wealth of the
be turned to you the wealth of the Gentiles shall come to you the multitude
Gentiles shall come to you the multitude
Gentiles shall come to you the multitude of camels shall cover your land the
of camels shall cover your land the
of camels shall cover your land the dromedaries of Midian and ephah all
dromedaries of Midian and ephah all
dromedaries of Midian and ephah all those from Sheba shall come they shall
those from Sheba shall come they shall
those from Sheba shall come they shall bring gold and incense and they shall
bring gold and incense and they shall
bring gold and incense and they shall proclaim the praises of the Lord all the
proclaim the praises of the Lord all the
proclaim the praises of the Lord all the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered
flocks of Kedar shall be gathered
flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together to you the Rams of nabiyev
together to you the Rams of nabiyev
together to you the Rams of nabiyev shall minister to you they shall ascend
shall minister to you they shall ascend
shall minister to you they shall ascend with acceptance on my altar and I will
with acceptance on my altar and I will
with acceptance on my altar and I will glorify the house of my glory who are
glorify the house of my glory who are
glorify the house of my glory who are these who fly like a cloud and like
these who fly like a cloud and like
these who fly like a cloud and like doves to their roosts surely the
doves to their roosts surely the
doves to their roosts surely the coastlands shall wait for me and the
coastlands shall wait for me and the
coastlands shall wait for me and the ships of tarshish will come first to
ships of tarshish will come first to
ships of tarshish will come first to bring your sons from afar their silver
bring your sons from afar their silver
bring your sons from afar their silver and their gold with them to the name of
and their gold with them to the name of
and their gold with them to the name of the Lord your God and to the Holy One of
the Lord your God and to the Holy One of
the Lord your God and to the Holy One of Israel because he has glorified you the
Israel because he has glorified you the
Israel because he has glorified you the sons of foreigners shall build up your
sons of foreigners shall build up your
sons of foreigners shall build up your walls and their kings shall minister to
walls and their kings shall minister to
walls and their kings shall minister to you for in my wrath I struck you
you for in my wrath I struck you
you for in my wrath I struck you but in my favour I have had mercy on you
but in my favour I have had mercy on you
but in my favour I have had mercy on you therefore your gates shall be open
therefore your gates shall be open
therefore your gates shall be open continually they shall not be shut day
continually they shall not be shut day
continually they shall not be shut day or night
or night
or night that men may bring to you the wealth of
that men may bring to you the wealth of
that men may bring to you the wealth of the Gentiles and their kings in
the Gentiles and their kings in
the Gentiles and their kings in procession for the nation and Kingdom
procession for the nation and Kingdom
procession for the nation and Kingdom which will not serve you shall perish
which will not serve you shall perish
which will not serve you shall perish and those nations shall be utterly
and those nations shall be utterly
and those nations shall be utterly ruined the glory of Lebanon shall come
ruined the glory of Lebanon shall come
ruined the glory of Lebanon shall come to you the Cyprus the pine and the box
to you the Cyprus the pine and the box
to you the Cyprus the pine and the box tree together to beautify the place of
tree together to beautify the place of
tree together to beautify the place of my sanctuary and I will make the place
my sanctuary and I will make the place
my sanctuary and I will make the place of my feet glorious also the sons of
of my feet glorious also the sons of
of my feet glorious also the sons of those who afflict adieu shall come
those who afflict adieu shall come
those who afflict adieu shall come bowing to you and all those who despised
bowing to you and all those who despised
bowing to you and all those who despised you shall fall prostrate at the soles of
you shall fall prostrate at the soles of
you shall fall prostrate at the soles of your feet and they shall call you the
your feet and they shall call you the
your feet and they shall call you the city of the Lord
city of the Lord
city of the Lord Zion of the Holy One of Israel whereas
Zion of the Holy One of Israel whereas
Zion of the Holy One of Israel whereas you have been Forsaken and hated so that
you have been Forsaken and hated so that
you have been Forsaken and hated so that no one went through you I will make you
no one went through you I will make you
no one went through you I will make you an eternal excellence a joy of many
an eternal excellence a joy of many
an eternal excellence a joy of many generations you shall drink the milk of
generations you shall drink the milk of
generations you shall drink the milk of the Gentiles and milk the breasts of
the Gentiles and milk the breasts of
the Gentiles and milk the breasts of kings you shall know that I the LORD am
kings you shall know that I the LORD am
kings you shall know that I the LORD am your Savior and your Redeemer the Mighty
your Savior and your Redeemer the Mighty
your Savior and your Redeemer the Mighty One of Jacob instead of bronze
One of Jacob instead of bronze
One of Jacob instead of bronze I will bring gold instead of iron
I will bring gold instead of iron
I will bring gold instead of iron I will bring silver instead of wood
I will bring silver instead of wood
I will bring silver instead of wood bronze and instead of stones iron I will
bronze and instead of stones iron I will
bronze and instead of stones iron I will also make your officers peace and your
also make your officers peace and your
also make your officers peace and your magistrates righteousness violence shall
magistrates righteousness violence shall
magistrates righteousness violence shall no longer be heard in your land
no longer be heard in your land
no longer be heard in your land neither waisting nor destruction within
neither waisting nor destruction within
neither waisting nor destruction within your borders but you shall call your
your borders but you shall call your
your borders but you shall call your walls
walls
walls salvation and your gates praise the Sun
salvation and your gates praise the Sun
salvation and your gates praise the Sun shall no longer be your light by day nor
shall no longer be your light by day nor
shall no longer be your light by day nor for brightness shall the moon give light
for brightness shall the moon give light
for brightness shall the moon give light to you but the Lord will be to you an
to you but the Lord will be to you an
to you but the Lord will be to you an everlasting light and your God your
everlasting light and your God your
everlasting light and your God your glory your son shall no longer go down
glory your son shall no longer go down
glory your son shall no longer go down nor shall your moon withdraw itself for
nor shall your moon withdraw itself for
nor shall your moon withdraw itself for the Lord will be your everlasting light
the Lord will be your everlasting light
the Lord will be your everlasting light and the days of your mourning shall be
and the days of your mourning shall be
and the days of your mourning shall be ended also your people shall all be
ended also your people shall all be
ended also your people shall all be righteous they shall inherit the land
righteous they shall inherit the land
righteous they shall inherit the land forever the branch of my planting the
forever the branch of my planting the
forever the branch of my planting the work of my hands that I may be glorified
work of my hands that I may be glorified
work of my hands that I may be glorified a little one shall become a thousand and
a little one shall become a thousand and
a little one shall become a thousand and a small one a strong nation I the Lord
a small one a strong nation I the Lord
a small one a strong nation I the Lord will hasten it in its time
will hasten it in its time
will hasten it in its time [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you